<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="topic_glc_4p5_rvb">
  <title>Add products to the Amazon Cart</title>
  <shortdesc>This topic will guide you on how to place your first order on the Amazon
    website.</shortdesc>
  <prolog>
    <metadata>
      <keywords>
        <indexterm>Add products to cart</indexterm>
        <indexterm>search using search bar</indexterm>
        <indexterm>search using category</indexterm>
        <keyword>add items, add products, add to cart</keyword>
      </keywords>
    </metadata>
  </prolog>
  <body>
    <section id="context_ddm_42v_rvb"><b>To find products using the search bar:</b></section>
    <ol id="ol1" outputclass="number-alpha">
      <li> Navigate to the <b>search bar</b> on the homepage.</li>
      <li> Enter the product name that you want to purchase and click on the <b>search
        icon</b>.</li>
      <li> Scroll through the "results" page and select the product you want to purchase.
          <itemgroup>You can filter the search results using multiple options given on the left
          sidebar. Also, you can sort the search results by selecting the <b>Sort by</b> drop down
          list in the upper-right corner.</itemgroup>
      </li>
      <li> In the product page, check for all the additional information and specification
        required.</li>
      <li> Select <b>Add to Cart</b>.</li>
      <li> Repeat the above steps to add multiple items.</li>
    </ol>
    <section id="section_gr2_yhv_rvb"><b>To find products using the category:</b></section>
    <ol id="ol2" outputclass="number-alpha">
      <li> Select the <b>Hamburger buton</b> on the upper-left side of the homepage.</li>
      <li> Scroll to find "Shop By Category" section and select the category you want. <note
          id="note_ijt_jkv_rvb" type="tip">Here you can choose the product brand, price, and
          size.</note></li>
      <li> Select the product you want to purchase and on the next page, check for all the
        additional information and specification required.</li>
      <li> Select <b>Add to Cart</b>.</li>
      <li> Repeat the above steps to add multiple items.</li>
    </ol>
    <p>As a result, "Shopping Cart" page with the list of added item will appear on the screen.</p>
  </body>
</topic>
